.TH "BLL.DashboardStatisticsService" 3 "TICKET2HELP MANAGEMENT PLATFORM" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
BLL.DashboardStatisticsService
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDashboardStatisticsService\fP (string connectionString)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBGetPercentageFulfilledWithinDateRange\fP (DateTime start, DateTime end)"
.br
.RI "Calculates the percentage of fulfilled tickets within the given date range\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "Dictionary< string, int > \fBGetServiceStatusDistribution\fP (DateTime? start=null, DateTime? end=null)"
.br
.RI "Returns the number of tickets grouped by service status\&. Optionally filters by date\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "Dictionary< string, double > \fBGetAverageServiceTimePerType\fP (DateTime? start=null, DateTime? end=null)"
.br
.RI "Calculates the average service time (in minutes) for each ticket type\&. Optionally filters by date\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB7\fP of file \fBDashboardStatisticsService\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "BLL\&.DashboardStatisticsService\&.DashboardStatisticsService (string connectionString)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB11\fP of file \fBDashboardStatisticsService\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Dictionary< string, double > BLL\&.DashboardStatisticsService\&.GetAverageServiceTimePerType (DateTime? start = \fRnull\fP, DateTime? end = \fRnull\fP)"

.PP
Calculates the average service time (in minutes) for each ticket type\&. Optionally filters by date\&. 
.PP
Definition at line \fB92\fP of file \fBDashboardStatisticsService\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "double BLL\&.DashboardStatisticsService\&.GetPercentageFulfilledWithinDateRange (DateTime start, DateTime end)"

.PP
Calculates the percentage of fulfilled tickets within the given date range\&. 
.PP
Definition at line \fB19\fP of file \fBDashboardStatisticsService\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Dictionary< string, int > BLL\&.DashboardStatisticsService\&.GetServiceStatusDistribution (DateTime? start = \fRnull\fP, DateTime? end = \fRnull\fP)"

.PP
Returns the number of tickets grouped by service status\&. Optionally filters by date\&. 
.PP
Definition at line \fB52\fP of file \fBDashboardStatisticsService\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for TICKET2HELP MANAGEMENT PLATFORM from the source code\&.
